README.md, before:

# Hi, This is my arcolinux hyprland dots.
### Update yay and pacman.
```sh
sudo yay -Syu
sudo pacman -Syu

# Squashfs-tools: Tools for working with SquashFS file systems
sudo pacman -S squashfs-tools

```
### Install snapcraft
```sh
# Clone snapd from AUR and compile
# Snapd: Universal package manager for Linux distributions

cd Downloads/
git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/snapd.git
sudo chown -R raz:raz snapd/
cd snapd/
makepkg -si

# Enable and configure snapd
sudo systemctl enable --now snapd.socket
sudo ln -s /var/lib/snapd/snap /snap
 
# Install snap applications
# Code: Microsoft's source code editor
# GitKraken: Graphical interface for Git
# Postman: Platform for testing and developing APIs

sudo snap install code --classic
sudo snap install gitkraken --classic
sudo snap install postman
```
### Install octopi
```sh
sudo pacman -S octopi
sudo pacman -S qt5-wayland
```
example apps: ulauncher, obsidian, discord, chrome

### Yay packages
```sh
yay -S ttf-jetbrains-mono-nerd dracula-gtk-theme-git dracula-icons-git swappy
```



### Starship
from octopi install Fira Code Font Text, then install starship
https://starship.rs/

```sh
curl -sS https://starship.rs/install.sh | sh
```
Afther that, you have to add this line in the .zshrc

```sh
# ~/.zshrc
eval "$(starship init zsh)"
```

### ZSH plugins

1. Clone this repository into /usr/share/oh-my-zsh/
    ```sh
    cd /usr/share/oh-my-zsh/
    ```

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-autosuggestions
    ```

2. Add the plugin to the list of plugins for Oh My Zsh to load (inside `~/.zshrc`):

    ```sh
    plugins=( 
        git
        zsh-autosuggestions
    )
    ```

3. Start a new terminal session.


### Install NodeJS, nvm
https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm?tab=readme-ov-file#install--update-script
```sh
pacman -S nodejs npm
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.7/install.sh | bash
nvm install --lts
```

Commit message:

add(dunst): change mako for dunst

README.md, after:

# Hi, This is my arcolinux hyprland dots.
### Update yay and pacman.
```sh
sudo yay -Syu
sudo pacman -Syu

# Squashfs-tools: Tools for working with SquashFS file systems
sudo pacman -S squashfs-tools

```
### Install snapcraft
```sh
# Clone snapd from AUR and compile
# Snapd: Universal package manager for Linux distributions

cd Downloads/
git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/snapd.git
sudo chown -R raz:raz snapd/
cd snapd/
makepkg -si

# Enable and configure snapd
sudo systemctl enable --now snapd.socket
sudo ln -s /var/lib/snapd/snap /snap
 
# Install snap applications
# Code: Microsoft's source code editor
# GitKraken: Graphical interface for Git
# Postman: Platform for testing and developing APIs

sudo snap install code --classic
sudo snap install gitkraken --classic
sudo snap install postman
```
### Install octopi
```sh
sudo pacman -S octopi
sudo pacman -S qt5-wayland
```
example apps: ulauncher, obsidian, discord, chrome, dunst

### Yay packages
```sh
yay -S ttf-jetbrains-mono-nerd dracula-gtk-theme-git dracula-icons-git swappy
```



### Starship
from octopi install Fira Code Font Text, then install starship
https://starship.rs/

```sh
curl -sS https://starship.rs/install.sh | sh
```
Afther that, you have to add this line in the .zshrc

```sh
# ~/.zshrc
eval "$(starship init zsh)"
```

### ZSH plugins

1. Clone this repository into /usr/share/oh-my-zsh/
    ```sh
    cd /usr/share/oh-my-zsh/
    ```

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-autosuggestions
    ```

2. Add the plugin to the list of plugins for Oh My Zsh to load (inside `~/.zshrc`):

    ```sh
    plugins=( 
        git
        zsh-autosuggestions
    )
    ```

3. Start a new terminal session.


### Install NodeJS, nvm
https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm?tab=readme-ov-file#install--update-script
```sh
pacman -S nodejs npm
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.7/install.sh | bash
nvm install --lts
```

### Finally you can clone this repo and replace the .config
